PART 3
Directions: You will hear some conversations between two people. You will be asked to answer three questions about what the speakers say in each conversation. Select the best response to each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet. The conversations will be spoken only one time and will not be printed in your test book.

41. What time does the event start?

(A) At noon
(B) At 1 o'clock
(C) At 2 o'clock
(D) At 3 o'clock

42. What does the woman tell the man to do?

(A) Wait while the room is being prepared
(B) Buy some juice for the people
(C) Come back tomorrow
(D) Remember the correct time

43. What will the man do next?

(A) Find a café
(B) Give a lecture
(C) Clean the room
(D) Go to the lounge

44. What is the conversation about?

(A) Planning a vacation
(B) Going to a festival
(C) Learning to play musical instruments
(D) Shopping for groceries

45. What problem occurred last year?

(A) There was a traffic jam.
(B) The artists didn't show up.
(C) Tickets got sold out fast.
(D) The food was expensive.

46. What does the woman suggest?

(A) Bringing a camera
(B) Going in one car
(C) Using public transportation
(D) Staying home

47. Why did Mr. Wilder call?

(A) To change the deadline date
(B) To invite the woman to the store
(C) To express his concern about the construction
(D) To inquire about the materials

48. What does man tell the woman?

(A) They can meet the due date.
(B) They need a larger space.
(C) They are over budget.
(D) They need an extra month.

49. What will the man do next?

(A) Stop the framework
(B) Repaint the department store
(C) Check the schedule
(D) Call Mr. Wilder


50. What is the woman's problem?

(A) She was supposed to organize the storage closet.
(B) She can't find a cable for her computer.
(C) She can't find the team manager.
(D) She is too nervous to do a presentation.

51. What does the man suggest?

(A) Using the cable from another computer
(B) Writing an order sheet
(C) Calling the repairman
(D) Using his computer

52. What does the woman need to do?

(A) Buy a new hard drive
(B) Send a report to the team manager
(C) Adjust the color of her monitor
(D) Find a room for a meeting


53. What are the speakers discussing?

(A) The company picnic
(B) The agenda for a meeting
(C) A software program
(D) A nomination for an award

54. What did Terry Polls do?

(A) He organized some information.
(B) He left the company.
(C) He attended the awards ceremony.
(D) He sold a new software.

55. What does the woman tell the man?

(A) To email Terry
(B) To submit a form
(C) To try the new software
(D) To contact clients


56. What are the speakers discussing?

(A) The woman's new home
(B) A new office space
(C) The man's antique collection
(D) The outlook for fashion

57. What probably is the woman's job?

(A) A florist
(B) A designer
(C) A researcher
(D) A real estate agent

58. What does the woman ask the man to do?

(A) Give her a discount
(B) Take pictures of the show
(C) Drive her downtown
(D) Give her an address


59. What does the woman want to do?

(A) Make a monthly report
(B) Sign a contract
(C) Improve a program
(D) Buy a program from UBM

60. What did the man show the woman?

(A) The new software manual
(B) A summary of feedback
(C) The powerhouse program screen
(D) Survey results

61. What does the man suggest the woman do?

(A) Make some new software
(B) Change the design of the logo
(C) Upgrade the software
(D) Do more advertising


62. Why is the man calling the woman?

(A) To ask about something
(B) To negotiate the rent
(C) To request a refund
(D) To confirm an appointment

63. How did the man know about the apartment?

(A) His friend told him.
(B) He saw it during his daily walk.
(C) He saw some promotional material.
(D) The woman called him.

64. What does the woman suggest the man do?

(A) Give her a dog
(B) Check out the apartment
(C) Look for a bigger house
(D) Get a friend to take his pet


65. What are the speakers discussing?

(A) A recipe for dessert
(B) Flower decorations
(C) Places to go hiking
(D) The man's vacation

66. What does the man tell the woman about Switzerland?

(A) Flowers blossom at this time of the year.
(B) He will try to go to every mountain.
(C) He will go there by train.
(D) He hasn't made any reservations yet.

67. What does the woman recommend to the man?

(A) Talking to her sister
(B) Buying expensive chocolates
(C) Taking train tours
(D) Going to a traditional cheese restaurant


68. What are the speakers mainly talking about?

(A) An advertising strategy
(B) The renovation of a store
(C) The invitation of the grand re-opening
(D) Tile selections

69. Why does the woman say she cannot commit to the deadline?

(A) The supply company closed.
(B) Some of the staff members quit.
(C) The budget was exceeded.
(D) The wrong supply came.

70. What does the man ask for?

(A) An updated schedule
(B) A partial refund
(C) New fliers
(D) A design change


PART 4
Directions: You will hear some short talks given by a single speaker. You will be asked to answer three questions about what the speaker says in each short talk. Select the best response to each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet. The talks will be spoken only one time and will not be printed in your test book.

71. Who most likely is Dr. Hong?

(A) A surgeon
(B) A dentist
(C) A receptionist
(D) A patient

72. What does the speaker ask the listener to bring?

(A) A signed paper
(B) The payment
(C) A lease agreement
(D) A box lunch

73. What does the speaker recommend the listener to do?

(A) Sleep well
(B) Eat lots of food
(C) Drink lots of liquid
(D) Skip a meal


74. What is the purpose of the talk?

(A) To honor a person
(B) To promote a product
(C) To announce a new system
(D) To hear opinions from the employees

75. In what department does Ms. Shannon work?

(A) Marketing department
(B) Finance department
(C) Public Relations department
(D) Sales department

76. What will most likely happen next?

(A) The listeners will have a feast.
(B) The speaker will give Ms. Shannon some bonus.
(C) The meeting will be adjourned.
(D) A woman is going to speak.


77. Why is Sahithy calling?

(A) To notify a client about the cost of a trip
(B) To ask about the destination
(C) To announce the itinerary
(D) To confirm an appointment

78. Why would the listener call Sahithy?

(A) To ask about the business hour
(B) To participate in a game
(C) To reserve a seat on an airplane
(D) To get a group discount

79. Where does the speaker probably work?

(A) At a telephone company
(B) At a travel agency
(C) At a bank
(D) At an airline


80. What product is being promoted?

(A) Flour
(B) Tomato
(C) Cheese
(D) Pizza

81. What is special about the product?

(A) It is cheap.
(B) It is good for people's health.
(C) It is imported from Italy.
(D) It is complimentary.

82. What will be given if the listeners answer the survey?

(A) A special coupon
(B) A gift certificate
(C) A free sample
(D) A frozen product


83. Who is the speaker?

(A) A safety manager
(B) A student
(C) A police officer
(D) A president

84. Why has the message been made?

(A) To give notice about a following drill
(B) To report about a successful drill
(C) To ask people to evacuate
(D) To state the damage of an incident

85. What will the employees get tomorrow?

(A) Luxurious lunch
(B) Additional lunch time
(C) Weekend breaks
(D) Extra drill


86. Why is the speaker calling?

(A) To explain about the repair
(B) To ask about what the problems are
(C) To inquire about the usage of a projector
(D) To get permission to use a conference room

87. When will the listener's presentation be?

(A) Today
(B) Tomorrow
(C) The day after tomorrow
(D) Next Friday

88. What should Mr. Collins do if he has a question?

(A) Look for the solution by himself
(B) Call the stated direct line
(C) Call the repair company
(D) Do research on the Web site


89. Where can you hear this announcement?

(A) In a bus terminal
(B) On a bus
(C) In a train station
(D) On a train

90. When will the listeners arrive at Botanic Garden?

(A) At 10:10
(B) At 10:15
(C) At 10:30
(D) At 10:40

91. What does the speaker want the listeners to do after departure?

(A) Fasten their seat belts
(B) Talk with the tour guide
(C) Buy tickets
(D) Listen carefully to the announcement


92. What is the purpose of this meeting?

(A) To let people know the result of the presentation
(B) To discuss the project
(C) To assign people to groups
(D) To discuss the marketing of a product

93. What does the speaker ask the listeners to do before Friday?

(A) Sign up for one of the groups
(B) Sign a document
(C) Post their opinions
(D) Hold another meeting

94. Where will the next meeting be held?

(A) In the auditorium
(B) In the meeting room B
(C) In the meeting room A
(D) In the office


95. Who is John Henry?

(A) The governor of California
(B) A journalist
(C) The president of a company
(D) The owner of a vineyard

96. What did Mr. Henry announce?

(A) Remodeling an existing store
(B) Opening of a new location
(C) Closing a store
(D) Purchasing a new factory

97. How long has Henry's been operating?

(A) For two months
(B) For one year
(C) For nine years
(D) For ten years


98. What event is most likely being held?

(A) A book fair
(B) A preview of a movie
(C) A travel fair
(D) An international food convention

99. According to the speaker, how often is this event held?

(A) Every two years
(B) Twice a year
(C) Three times a year
(D) Every three years

100. To have a chance to win the presents, what should the listeners do?

(A) Call the number announced
(B) Buy more than two tickets
(C) Come to the entrance
(D) Put their tickets in the drawing box


READING TEST
In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading comprehension questions. The entire Reading test will last 75 minutes. There are three parts, and directions are given for each part. You are encouraged to answer as many questions as possible within the time allowed.
You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in the test book.

PART 5
Directions: A word or phrase is missing in each of the sentences below. Four answer choices are given below each sentence. Select the best answer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on the answer sheet.

101. The chief financial officer ------- firm's budget before it was approved at the board meeting last Friday.

(A) will revise
(B) revises
(C) revised
(D) is revising

102. In order to expedite the progress of the company's expansion plan, Mrs. Wilson will be at ------- office with all of the executives all day long tomorrow.

(A) her
(B) hers
(C) she
(D) herself

103. All faculty members are required to attend Queens College's annual awards ------- at the Quattro Restaurant next Thursday.

(A) group
(B) winner
(C) ceremony
(D) meeting

104. It became much easier to go on a business trip to Sweden ------- the bullet train, X2000, was built last year.

(A) hence
(B) while
(C) after
(D) beyond

105. Please return the registration form, enclosing your ------- membership payment in the amount of $70.

(A) initially
(B) initiate
(C) initiation
(D) initial

106. Once the old factory in Detroit has been -------, the entire manufacturing process is expected to be 35 percent faster.

(A) commended
(B) thrived
(C) eradicated
(D) renovated


107. Although she has been on the finance team for only two months, Ms. Choi is ------- a leading contributor.

(A) already
(B) once
(C) yet
(D) while

108. These days, people use computers ------- complex calculations that used to take a long time when calculated manually.

(A) performed
(B) to perform
(C) performance
(D) having performed

109. If you have not registered for the second half of the year's education program, you should ------- sign up today or explain to your manager about the delay.

(A) neither
(B) either
(C) both
(D) too

110. The vice president ordered all department managers to make a brief ------- about their budgets for the coming year.

(A) administration
(B) presentation
(C) arrangements
(D) profession

111. Gerry Shumitz was chosen as the main designer of the new project ------- he was the most suitable candidate.

(A) although
(B) so as to
(C) because
(D) whenever

112. Harold's team will be in charge of technical details about the new online booking site as well as ------- design.

(A) it
(B) its
(C) they
(D) them

113. Since Mr. Peterson was hired as the executive creative director of Polly Advertising, business profits have increased -------.

(A) clearly
(B) emotionally
(C) extremely
(D) dramatically

114. Send copies of the relevant documents by fax ------- we can process your application promptly.

(A) even
(B) also
(C) yet
(D) so

115. Smith's Catering Service ------- takes on part-time help for large events during the busy season.

(A) occasionally
(B) occasion
(C) occasional
(D) occasionality

116. Starting next week, our local library will be closed for renovation and ------- in August.

(A) met
(B) viewed
(C) placed
(D) reopened


117. All the university professors will decide next week ------- to nominate Thomas Becket as president of the school.

(A) if
(B) about
(C) whether
(D) or

118. Last week, our company management formally ------- payment for the annual picnic including transportation and lodging cost.

(A) reminded
(B) equipped
(C) authorized
(D) stated

119. Legacy Real Estate Investment Company is a ------- new consulting firm that specializes in organizing finances and building investment portfolios.

(A) relatively
(B) normally
(C) specifically
(D) jointly

120. Ms. Sanderson was congratulated for planning an ------- training program for new employees and changing the way people communicate in the company.

(A) informative
(B) informing
(C) informatively
(D) informer

121. Since all of the ------- didn't seem to be qualified, our Human Resources staff will need to spend more time carefully examining the résumés of others.

(A) applicants
(B) jobs
(C) openings
(D) accounts

122. Before his career as a naval surgeon, Mr. Jung ------- as a heart surgeon in a large hospital.

(A) served
(B) permitted
(C) agreed
(D) selected

123. ------- public expectation, Mr. Jacobson won an Oscar for his role in Lord of the Rings as the film also garnered the Best Director award.

(A) Before
(B) Instead
(C) Unlikely
(D) Contrary to

124. By the recent rise in fuel cost, the Hun Dai Motor Company has shown its commitment to ------- the fuel consumption of all its models.

(A) lowers
(B) lowering
(C) lower
(D) lowered

125. The company that almost went bankrupt restored its fortune due to its ------- advertisements.

(A) loyal
(B) amazed
(C) entertaining
(D) recreational

126. Once the bill under consideration has passed and taken effect ------- the next three months, all forms of unfair trading practices will vanish.

(A) between
(B) while
(C) within
(D) about


127. The document indicates that the vendor is not responsible for defective merchandise, so all we can do is to make a claim to the -------.

(A) manufacture
(B) manufacturing
(C) manufacturer
(D) manufactured

128. If you upgrade, the operating system will be replaced but ------- settings and installed programs are not changed.

(A) previous
(B) current
(C) attentive
(D) prompt

129. Please include your e-mail address and phone number when you ------- the application form.

(A) advise
(B) notify
(C) complete
(D) diversify

130. The sales and marketing director announced that he is ------- pleased with the strong profit growth of the company and urged continuous effort.

(A) extreme
(B) extremes
(C) extremely
(D) extremity

131. I haven't received any report on how ------- Ms. Harazuko was in her presentation to our major client, Rambus Inc.

(A) operational
(B) diversifying
(C) dedicated
(D) persuasive

132. Mr. Richmond suggested that the customer service department find a good way to collect customer information as ------- as possible.

(A) necessarily
(B) definitely
(C) quickly
(D) predominantly

133. Although Mr. Hanks was still somewhat ------- about how to handle the problem, he had to propose a solution in the emergency measure committee.

(A) reluctant
(B) approximate
(C) uncertain
(D) inexact

134. The president of Safe & Secure Co. did not lay off any staff members ------- the fact that sales last year were down ten percent.

(A) so as
(B) however
(C) meanwhile
(D) despite

135. Contemporary arts continue to blend a wide ------- of colors and new materials.

(A) array
(B) draft
(C) display
(D) attire

136. Parents ------- order car seats for infants on www.babyproducts.com are guaranteed to get a refund on them within seven business days.

(A) whomever
(B) whom
(C) whose
(D) who


137. Notice of ------- changes in policy will be posted on the bulletin board.

(A) employed
(B) distributed
(C) specified
(D) arranged

138. The top five rival companies competed desperately to win government building contracts, and M.K. Construction ------- won the bid.

(A) even though
(B) as if
(C) only after
(D) once again

139. The new apartment we recently moved is ------- larger than the house where I lived with my parents.

(A) more
(B) too
(C) so
(D) even

140. Revitalizing the domestic market is one of the key ------- to the economic recovery following a severe depression.

(A) indicators
(B) receptors
(C) operators
(D) supervisors

PART 6
Directions: Read the texts on the following pages. A word or phrase is missing in some of the sentences. Four answer choices are given below each of these sentences. Select the best answer to complete the text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.

Questions 141-143 refer to the following announcement.
Join the Online Education!
All teachers in the State of Oklahoma are invited to sign up for lifelong education online! Visit www.educore.org to search for a workshop or seminar that matches your professional needs. Teachers can easily access the system by typing their Oklahoma City employee ID number and school name. Then check the program schedule that includes topics and speakers related to your field of academics.
If you find a workshop or seminar that is suitable for your needs, you should reserve your seat in advance on the Web site.
All seminars can accommodate up to 150 teachers. However, each of the workshop programs is ------- to 40 participants. Register now, and you will be guaranteed a seat.
141.

(A) limit
(B) limited
(C) limiting
(D) imitation

Please keep in mind, if a workshop is -------, we can put your name on the waiting list. All
142.

(A) solid
(B) full
(C) done
(D) used

workshops ------- on the third floor of the Jefferson College Education Center. For more
143.

(A) will be held
(B) have been held
(C) are holding
(D) were held

information, visit our Web site or call the general affairs department of the center.

Questions 144-146 refer to the following letter.
To whom it may concern:
I'd like to introduce myself as a great admirer of the financial magazine Forbes. I express my gratitude for your accurate reporting and wise commentary. However, I need to point out a minor ------- about the vice president of Mega H. Technology in last Saturday's economy
144.

(A) defect
(B) essay
(C) report
(D) error

column. In your paper, Mr. Ronald Dowson was listed as one of the senior executives, but he is ------- a vice president.
145.

(A) normally
(B) probably
(C) actually
(D) rarely

Maybe this was because the journalist confused the name of the vice president and director of the marketing department whose last name is also "Dawson"; the names sound and look similar, but they are different.
The vice president is extremely proud of ------- achievements and success at leading the
146.

(A) her
(B) his
(C) your
(D) its

company, and he also has a longstanding relationship with the local community. Mega H. Technology has stoutly maintained the number one spot in its field of electronic products.
Sincerely,
James Andrews
Publicity department
Mega H. Technology

Questions 147-149 refer to the following notice.
To: All staff members
From: Manager of the general affairs department
Date: August 25
Subject: Mail Distribution
I would like to make an announcement from the general affairs department. The mail distribution method will be changed on September 1. Employees have ------- the receptionist
147.

(A) relied on
(B) instructed that
(C) informed of
(D) required by

on each floor to bring the mail to them in recent years.
However, some mail was lost and sent to the wrong places many times. ------- next month,
148.

(A) Beginning
(B) The beginning of
(C) Having been begun
(D) To begin

a mail box will be installed for each employee near the main entrance, and it can be easily checked at any time. -------, the mail carrier will come at noon and you can pick up your
149.

(A) In order that
(B) Even though
(C) As always
(D) In some cases

mail after 12:30 P.M. No packages will be distributed without prior authorization, so speak to Ms. Anderson in the general affairs department if you need more information or details about this new procedure.
Sally Smith
Head of the general affairs department

Questions 150-152 refer to the following letter.
To: Residents of Bronxville
From: Janitor's office
Date: March 13
Re: Fitness Center Renovation
Renovation of the fitness center at the new wing of the apartment complex will begin on March 13 and continue until late July. Contractors with Jerremy Home Deco Inc. ------- from
150.

(A) work
(B) will be working
(C) will have worked
(D) is working

7:30 A.M. to 5:30 P.M. every day of the week except for Sunday over the next five months. Tell your children not to play there and be careful when you are driving or walking near the construction area. We thank you in advance for your cooperation during this process.
The pace of workers' ------- depends on weather conditions in the months ahead. We hope
151.

(A) process
(B) commencement
(C) progress
(D) determination

that the weather will stay clear and rainless over the construction period.
Jerremy Home Deco Inc. will do its best to minimize noise but there will be some excavation work. Heavy equipment will be brought in to the construction site to harden the ground. The excavation will also produce waste materials that need to be disposed of ------- until
152.

(A) periodical
(B) periodic
(C) period
(D) periodically

construction is completed.
For residents' safety, please follow all directions that are posted on the bulletin board.
Thank you.

PART 7
Directions: In this part, you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine, newspaper articles, letters, and advertisements. Each text is followed by several questions. Select the best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.

Questions 153-154 refer to the following notice.
Real-time lectures for the hearing impaired are now available online. Those who are hard of hearing will be able to read what the professor is saying on their notebook computers. Classroom helpers will type what the professors are saying during the lecture so you can read them. Moreover, the actual lecturing scene will be shown next to the real-time lecture scripts, so you will be getting the same content of lectures as the rest of your classmates. Just follow the directions below to access the real-time lecture note Web page.

Go to the university's main Web site.
Click on "Real-Time Lectures."
To access our online archives, you need to log in by

a. Typing in your student ID.
b. Entering your specified password.


Click the title of your course, and enjoy your study with your classmates.

153. Who is this notice intended for?

(A) Appliers for classroom helpers
(B) Web designers
(C) Students with hearing disabilities
(D) Professors who teach online

154. What is indicated about the "Real-Time Lectures?"

(A) They are for students who are sick at home.
(B) The lectures can be stored on computers.
(C) Printed scripts are handed out right after class.
(D) Logging in is necessary for access.


Questions 155-156 refer to the following advertisement.
Party Animals!
Party like there is no tomorrow!
Party Animals takes pride in providing our customers with the best atmosphere for all kinds of anniversaries with just the right setting that you have been dreaming of. We specialize in making and creating customized decorations and settings which will suit your event. Whether it is for a member of your family, a friend or a coworker, or even just for the sake of making a boring day into an interesting one, we will be there to set the tone.
That is not all! We are also capable of putting on elegant events and can add some fun to those events as well with great bands and customized ice sculptures. Any party can have a swan or an angel sculpture, but we can make any shape of your choice with class.
To organize a party with us, please call 201-572-9645. We are open from 9 A.M. to 7 P.M., Monday to Friday. On Saturdays, we are open from 9 A.M. to 3 P.M.
Party Animals helps you become a party animal!
155. What kind of company probably posted the advertisement?

(A) A matchmaking company
(B) A veterinary hospital
(C) A catering service
(D) A party-oriented company

156. What service does the company provide?

(A) It prepares party foods for pets.
(B) It offers traditional foods.
(C) It makes personalized ice carvings.
(D) It gives discounts to parties with more than 100 guests.


Questions 157-158 refer to the following announcement.
Spinners
Bike Race Across the State!
Spinners is happy to announce that the 11th annual bike race is set to begin on May 17th. The starting point will be Seattle, and the destination will be Pullman.

Participants must submit their registration fees by May 1st.
Since it is such a long race, certification of health is required.
Escorting cars and safety agents will be provided.
Temporary accommodations will be available every evening.
The entrance fee is $200. Sleeping bags, drinking water and snacks as well as accommodations are included in the fee.
Returning participants are eligible for a $35 rebate if they sign up a week before the race.
Prizes will be given to the first five arriving participants. Other participants will also receive medals.

Spinners is proud to announce that there have been no big accidents for the last ten years, and we would like to keep the record as it is. Moreover, 11% of the entrance fee will be donated to the Heart-to-Heart Children's Foundation, so join a refreshing spring bike ride for a good cause.
157. What is the announcement about?

(A) Health insurance
(B) An annual sports competition
(C) Attracting sponsors
(D) A sale on camping tools

158. What is NOT true about the event?

(A) Refunds are not possible after registration.
(B) The final destination is Pullman.
(C) Money raised will be donated to a charitable organization.
(D) Water and snacks are included in the fee.


Questions 159-161 refer to the following letter.
Dear Ms. Chase:
Thank you for choosing Pacific Telecom as your cell phone service provider. We promise you the clearest quality and the most current technology in the country. This letter is meant to validate your contract with Pacific Telecom. Your personal identification number and a copy of the contract are enclosed with this letter. We would like to show you our appreciation for choosing us to be your mobile telephone service provider for the next 24 months.
As a part of Pacific Telecom's services, we provide you a membership card. The moment you have signed your contract, a membership is automatically issued. However, it takes about two weeks for it to get processed and will be sent to you by mail. If you wish to receive the membership card more quickly, you can register online and pick it up at any of our stores. Benefits of the membership card are written in detail on the back of this letter.
Along with the membership benefits, you can enjoy a variety of convenient features such as caller ID, spam message reports, and roaming services without any extra charges. Pacific Telecom also provides premium services such as navigation with real-time traffic reports, ringtone conversion, and Internet access.
We are committed to providing our customers with the best service, anytime and anywhere. To contact our 24-hour customer service department, please call 1-800-756-0058. To make adjustments to any of your information, you can use the online services or call the service call center.
Sincerely,
Tyler Sylvester
Manager of Customer Relations
159. What was enclosed with this letter?

(A) A telephone card
(B) A copy of a contract
(C) A membership card
(D) A cell phone

160. What is indicated as a benefit that Pacific Telecom provides?

(A) It supports fees for cell phone change.
(B) Internet access is free for the first three months.
(C) You can get a discount on a membership card.
(D) Caller ID services are free of charge.

161. What can be known about the customer service call center?

(A) Calls from other countries are free.
(B) It provides real-time traffic reports.
(C) It is open throughout the day.
(D) It has offline stores.


Questions 162-164 refer to the following notice.
Notice
Eastside Media Association
The INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION CENTER
Miami
Date: August 20
Place: Lilly Hall
Time: 10 A.M. – 4 P.M.
The information of the seminars is as followed. Seminars also offer information and application forms for internships.
SpeakerTopicLoraine Mackey / Miami NewsWhat makes a station work — Loraine Mackey has been the morning news anchor at the Miami News for three years. She also served as a reporter at the Miami News for five years before she became an anchor.Jonathan Crusso / ABC 11 RadioBeing "the" person — Jonathan Crusso joined ABC 11 Radio in 2002, and prior to that he was a producer of ABC's hit morning show, "How Are You This Morning?" for ten years. He is now general manager of the country's most popular radio station.Brie Strighten / RBC MediaHow to put ideas on TV — Brie Strighten has worked her way up from a writer to a main producer at RBC Media. Brie is also known as an innovative producer who makes original programs and sells them all over the world.Tamara Gipson / Aftermath MediaMore types of jobs that you didn't know of — Tamara Gipson is the CEO of Aftermath Media and has helped launch one of the most popular local radio stations, Kiss FM 107.7.
162. What can be gathered from the notice?

(A) The capacity of Lilly Hall
(B) The location of the application forms
(C) Topics of the seminars
(D) Representative programs of the Miami News

163. Which speaker has experience as a writer?

(A) Loraine Mackey
(B) Jonathan Crusso
(C) Brie Strighten
(D) Tamara Gipson

164. Which job position do Jonathan and Brie have in common?

(A) Anchor
(B) CEO
(C) Reporter
(D) Producer


Questions 165-167 refer to the following information.
Titan's Delivery Service (TDS)
Nationwide network able to package to arrive anywhere around the world in 24 hours
Titan's Delivery Service is now equipped with a nationwide network. We have made a contract with Alliance Airlines and Anion Airlines, making it possible to reach every nation in one day. This outcome of this contract will definitely put TDS at the top of the competition not only in the U.S., but globally. We have increased our speed, but other strengths such as our computerized system, safe packaging and reliable delivery services are still with us. Moreover, we will provide all deliveries at a special fee.
To use our services, please call our central number, 1-800-954-8767. Our operators will connect you to the nearest branch. You can also place an order online at our Web site, www.TDS.com. Whether by phone or online, orders received before noon are guaranteed to be delivered the very day. Orders received after 4 P.M. are guaranteed to be picked up on the very day and delivered the next day.
Compensations: TDS promises to make all deliveries within 24 hours. Furthermore, we will do our best to deliver the contents as safely as possible. However, if our services have not fulfilled your expectations, we will willingly compensate you for any inconvenience. However, delivery delay and package damage by natural disasters will not be subject to compensation.
165. Why was the information written?

(A) To report a bankruptcy
(B) To notify customers of a new service
(C) To complain about an unfair contract
(D) To explain the process of usage

166. What is NOT mentioned as one of TDS's advantages?

(A) Online order discounts
(B) Countrywide network
(C) High-tech system
(D) Careful packaging

167. What is indicated about TDS's compensation policy?

(A) Package damage from storms will be fully refunded.
(B) Compensation should be paid within 24 hours.
(C) Complaints are accepted only online.
(D) Late deliveries will be subject to compensation.


Questions 168-171 refer to the following newspaper article.
The Day's News — March 19
PMG Steels Quarterly Financial Report
London — Henry Dashford, the CFO of PMG Steels, reported today that the firm's earnings for the year's first quarter have preceded last year's earning rate by 7%. This is a shocking outcome considering the current state of the market. Mr. Dashford has also applied the company's balance sheet showing the graph of the red arrow slowing but steadily going up. This result is an expected result from the alliance of PMG Steels with Delta Steels (USA) last December. Both companies have made a deal to buy additional shares in each other to counterbalance challenges stemming from consolidation in the steel industry. By creating a closer alliance, the two companies aim to strengthen their business of supplying high-grade products to automakers and shipbuilders.
Mr. Dashford told the press that PMG Steels will seek other ways to keep the red arrow from coming down. PMG Steels has been a driving force in England's economic growth since the 1950s as a key supplier of basic industries. It has gone beyond strengthening the basis, and is now going a step further with its focus shifted to new technology development for the purpose of leading the rapidly changing global steel industry.
Mr. Dashford declared that for the next few years, the company will concentrate mainly on technology and product diversification. There are only a few steelmakers in the world, including PMG Steels, but that doesn't mean the competition is any weaker than in other markets. Mr. Dashford mentioned that PMG Steels still seeks the top spot in the steel industry and will pull up the nation's economy.
168. What is the purpose of this article?

(A) To state the firm's financial performance
(B) To announce the closure of the firm
(C) To introduce the firm's new president to the public
(D) To accuse the firm for an illegal act

169. What is Mr. Dashford's position?

(A) Consultant
(B) Financial officer
(C) Chief editor
(D) Analyst

170. What has boosted the growth of PMG Steels?

(A) Development of a new material
(B) Increase in market share
(C) Good investment in stocks
(D) Union with another steel company

171. What is NOT suggested about PMG Steels?

(A) Its earning rate is steadily going up.
(B) It is in alliance with Delta Steels.
(C) It is now the most powerful steel company in the world.
(D) It has been a leading role in economic growth since the 1950s.


Questions 172-175 refer to the following letter.
Dalia Arci
Chief Executive Officer
Westate Co.
Dear Ms. Arci:
I am writing to let you know that we feel sincere gratitude for your company's generous donations to our organization over the past several years in which you have regularly supported us both materially and morally.
At the beginning of the fundraising, many of our staff members felt that we had set the goal too high, at $1,000,000. But as I have mentioned to you before, this goal is not just a number that has come up in my mind, but an actual amount of money needed to construct a hospital for premature babies and their mothers along with providing them with basic needs such as nutrition and vaccinations. But to our surprise, many have given attention to our cause and have helped us reach that goal.
What adds more to our appreciation is the enthusiasm of your employees. We were deeply touched as we saw the 2,000 hand-knitted hats that your employees have sent us. The hand-knitted hats are still being sent to our headquarters, and we can never thank you enough. Moreover, the clothes and sneakers that your employees have gathered from your own charity fair for us have been sent to the children of Rwanda. We have received pictures and video clips of the Rwandan children showing their joy about these gifts. I'll email them to you soon.
More than 50 companies have devoted their time and resources to this fundraiser, making it possible for us to reach the goal and more. This has shown us that we can hope for a brighter future.
We will keep updating you on how you have helped to make this place a better world.
Sincerely,
Ted Wilkson
Fundraising chair
No More Tears in Africa (NMTA)
172. Why did Mr. Wilkson send this letter to Ms. Arci?

(A) To request a date for a meeting
(B) To apply for a loan
(C) To ask for recommendation for doctors
(D) To show appreciation for support

173. What does the NMTA intend to use the money for?

(A) Giving scholarships to children
(B) Building a facility
(C) Buying hats
(D) Renting a place for a fundraiser

174. What was sent to the children of Rwanda?

(A) Schoolbags
(B) Badges
(C) Caps
(D) Shoes

175. What is NOT true about the fundraiser?

(A) More than 50 companies have participated in it.
(B) Donations of $1 million have been made.
(C) It received goods from Westate Company.
(D) It was not able to raise more funds than initially projected.


Questions 176-180 refer to the following job advertisement.
Web Designer Positions Open at Drasco
May 21st
Drasco is a newly emerging but fast-growing company. We offer a wide selection of professional Web designs that guarantee results for professionals wanting to have a good look online. We have a short history but a long list of satisfied customers, and we expect to continue to give our best to our clients.
We are currently expanding our office in order to meet the rising demands for our services. As a result, we are seeking an experienced or a very talented Web designer. A Web designer is mainly responsible for making our customers satisfied by providing them with a high-quality Web site. So Web designers are expected to be competent to fulfill the needs of clients as well as be sensitive and willing to listen to them.
Tasks for the position include but are not limited to:

Creating portfolios and designs for clients' selection.
Working as a team player on big projects.
Close adherence to clients' needs and creating professional Web sites.
Being in charge of communicating with clients and offering the best design that satisfies the clients and the designer him/herself.
Venturing new design ideas for future business projects.

This position is open to anyone who possesses a bachelor of arts degree in computer design or a related field. At least three years of prior experience is preferred but those who believe they are especially talented may also apply. Interested candidates should be able to come up with a sketch in a reasonable time and be able to plan a timetable and uphold that schedule in executing that sketch to a full design. Excellent communication skills are also needed to guide customers to see your vision.
Interested parties should forward a portfolio, résumé, self-introduction and a cover letter explaining their interest, highlighting their Web designing experience and outlining their expectations of job conditions. Online home pages will also be accepted as a portfolio. We cannot respond to every application submitted. Those who pass the initial screening process will be contacted approximately a week before the interview.
176. What is indicated about Drasco?

(A) It is the No.1 designing company in the market.
(B) It is relocating to a new location.
(C) Its pool of customers is increasing.
(D) It has recently lost a lot of designers.

177. What is NOT a responsibility of the advertised position?

(A) Working alongside the colleagues
(B) Get the work done on time
(C) Draw up a variety of draft designs
(D) Manage the clients' data

178. The word "reasonable" in paragraph 4, line 4, is closest in meaning to

(A) irrational
(B) modern
(C) practical
(D) unfair

179. What is required for the advertised position?

(A) Professional knowledge of computer programs
(B) Outstanding communication skills with the clients
(C) More than five years of experience in the same field
(D) A master's degree in computer design

180. What are those interested in the position guided to do?

(A) Submit a cover letter stressing their job experiences
(B) Upload résumés on their home pages
(C) Create a Web design for the company and upload it
(D) Wait for a month for a call for an interview


Questions 181-185 refer to the following notice and e-mail.
To: Utopia Tropical Spa
From: Meagan Hall, Creation & Recreations Inc.
Date: April 7
Creation & Recreations Inc. is delighted to announce that our acquisition of Utopia Tropical Spa has been finalized. We have already taken over the management and are now fully responsible for everything related to Utopia Tropical Spa. We very much look forward to continuing a productive business relationship with all of our members.
The following is a list of contacts for the significant people within our company:
Personnel Department
Human resources manager, Ms. Carolina Santz <carolsantz@creandrecre.com>
Service Maintenance
Maintenance supervisor, Mr. Mark Young <m_young@creandrecre.com>
Facility Maintenance
Facility service coordinator, Mr. Ted Scherbatzky <fixitted@creandrecre.com>
Technical Maintenance
Technical service coordinator, Mr. Jonathan Roberts <techjonny@creandrecre.com>
Office Management
Office operations manager, Ms. Meagan Hall <mhall@creandrecre.com>
Creation & Recreations Inc.
1-600-8520

To: Ted Scherbatzky <fixitted@creandrecre.com>
From: Julia Simons <julia_s@creandrecre.com>
Date: April 11
Subject: Sauna Problem
Hello. My name is Julia Simons, and I work at the front desk at the Japanese garden spa section of Utopia Tropical Spa. Lately I have been receiving complaints about one of the saunas in the spa. The customers have said that the temperature is not high enough but the humidity is too dense. I have checked the sauna, and the temperature doesn't go above 65 degrees Celsius, while the indicated temperature is 78 degrees Celsius. Also, one of the ventilating fans has stopped. I think that this is the cause of the density problem. The sauna is closed for now but it needs to be fixed fast because it is an essential facility for the spa. Please let me know when it can be fixed.
Sincerely,
Julia Simons
181. What kind of business is Creation & Recreations Incorporated in?

(A) It trains professional massage therapists.
(B) It provides consulting to companies.
(C) It introduces suitable people to open positions.
(D) It manages spa facilities.

182. What is stated in the notice?

(A) Utopia Tropical Spa will be raising its membership fees.
(B) Individuals of expertise may be contacted for aid.
(C) Utopia Tropical Spa will be put up for auction.
(D) Workforce reduction will be carried out soon.

183. In which department does Jonathan Roberts work?

(A) Facility Maintenance
(B) Personnel
(C) Office Management
(D) Technical Maintenance

184. Why did Julia Simons write the e-mail?

(A) To apply for a job
(B) To inquire about the user charge for the spa
(C) To report a facility failure
(D) To notify Mr. Scherbatzky of an upcoming inspection

185. In the e-mail, the word "dense" in paragraph 1, line 4 is closest in meaning to

(A) light
(B) rough
(C) thick
(D) loose


Questions 186-190 refer to the following advertisement and letter.
All Office Supplies
Don't miss this chance!
Work easier than others!
Try the Mighty Beam 007 Mouse!
And now it's on sale!
$79.99 → $36.99
Order now, and it ships to anywhere you are.
Plus, there is no need to pay all taxes, shipping, and handling costs!
It is an opportunity of a "work time"; this special offer is a one-time-only event, so take a closer look! The Mighty Beam 007 Mouse has been selling as if it has wings! We are so overwhelmed by the attention that we are giving back the love to you at a very low price. This revolutionary mouse is made from eco-friendly material and is custom-designed to fit a natural human hand grip. It is available in a wide variety of colors, so hurry to get the color of your choice. To make an order, call 1-558-283-1346 or go to our Web site, http://www.allofficesupplies.com, where you can get a 10% accumulated point, when you register as a member.

To whom it may concern:
Hello. My name is James Hobbs, and I recently purchased (on September 5/ received: September 7) a Mighty Beam 007 Mouse. I have a question about the purchase fee. In your advertisement, it clearly stated that all taxes, shipping and handling costs will not be charged. However, when the mouse arrived, the receipt definitely included shipping fees ($7).
So on September 7, I made a call to your service center. After being put on hold for 15 minutes, I was finally connected to service personnel. I told the lady my problem, and she said that she would look into it and give me a call. So I left her my cell phone number and my e-mail address. But I received no answer from anyone in your company.
So, I made another call on the 9th, but the same thing had happened again! I had specifically told the service person that the previous person had forgotten to give me a call.
I would very much like an explanation how this could happen, as well as the return of the unreasonably charged fee. If no correction is made in three days, I intend to report your business to the local Consumer Services Bureau. Moreover, I will upload this letter on your Web site.
Sincerely,
James Hobbs
186. Why has the price of the mouse been reduced?

(A) An upgraded model has been released.
(B) The manufacturing company has lowered the price.
(C) The mouse has given the company a great profit.
(D) Some of the colors will be discontinued due to lack of demand.

187. According to the advertisement, which of the following is NOT offered?

(A) Point accumulation
(B) Free tax charges
(C) Delivery service to anywhere
(D) Lots of free gifts

188. What is the purpose of the letter?

(A) To request an explanation
(B) To inquire about bulk purchases
(C) To express gratitude for quick service
(D) To ask about opening a shop

189. How much was James Hobbs charged?

(A) $7.99
(B) $36.99
(C) $43.99
(D) $79.99

190. What does Mr. Hobbs want from the company?

(A) A new mouse
(B) A meeting with the company CEO
(C) A refund of the shipping fee
(D) A public apology posted on the Web site


Questions 191-195 refer to the following e-mail and notice.
To: Jessica Lamington <Jessica@charing.com>
From: Gregory Truemyer <GT950@charing.com>
Date: June 6
Subject: E-mail usage
Dear Jessica:
I believe that it is time to remind the employees of our company's protocol for the use of e-mail. While I do trust that the employees use e-mail properly most of the time, I also think that e-mails are not only used for business.
So to refresh the memories of our original staff members and enlighten new employees, an announcement of the e-mail protocol is necessary. Our company acknowledges that the use of e-mail is an essential tool for business. However, misuse of this tool can have a negative impact upon the reputation of the business.
However, while I want to be sure our staff members have a clear understanding of what kind of e-mail is appropriate or not, I do not want them to feel that they are being strictly regulated. So I would appreciate it if you would make a notice for the staff members to see on my behalf.
Thanks in advance.
Gregory Truemyer
President of Charing Co.

NOTICE
Dear staff:
Here is our current e-mail use policy. Please take time to read and familiarize yourself with the protocol for e-mail usage, for our company's safety and yours.
Do not misunderstand this notice as a warning. Use of e-mail is affirmatively permitted and supported where such use holds the goals and objectives for the benefit of the business. However, we have a policy that we would like all employees to be aware of. Make sure that your e-mails:

follow the current legislation.
are used in a tolerable manner.
don't misuse the Internet.

Unacceptable usage

Being in possession or spreading of images, text or materials that have the possibility of being indecent or illegal.
Inserting any form of computer virus into the corporate network.
Using e-mail and Internet for the purpose of setting a personal business.
Using passwords or mailboxes that are not permitted.
Violating copyright.
Undertaking deliberate activities that can squander staff work or networked resources.
Sending out unsolicited commercial or advertising material.
Personal attacks or threats by sending offensive, discriminatory or abusive text.

Monitoring
Please be aware that the company's e-mail resources are provided only for business purposes. Therefore, the company has the right to examine and inspect any data recorded in the system. In order to carry out this policy, the company also holds the right to use monitoring software in order to look into the use and content of e-mails. Such monitoring is for legitimate purposes only and will be implemented in accordance with a process agreed to by employees.
Jessica Lamington
191. According to the e-mail, what does Mr. Truemyer want Ms. Lamington to do?

(A) Send out company guidelines on his behalf
(B) Find software that monitors e-mails
(C) Organize a staff training session
(D) Report the employees who are misusing e-mails

192. In the e-mail, the word "enlighten" in paragraph 2, line 1 is closest in meaning to

(A) recruit
(B) instruct
(C) help
(D) illuminate

193. What is indicated about the e-mail policy?

(A) All e-mails should be referred to the CEO.
(B) It needs to be updated.
(C) Attachments will be limited to a certain volume.
(D) E-mails that have a personal purpose are not permitted.

194. What is NOT considered a violation of e-mail use?

(A) Employees using their own e-mail accounts
(B) Sending racist text
(C) Spreading illegal images
(D) Exchanging files between coworkers

195. What is mentioned about e-mail monitoring?

(A) The company will perform a random, monthly inspection.
(B) The company has the authority to monitor e-mails.
(C) The inspection process will be done by the CEO.
(D) An employee with inappropriate data will be fired.

Questions 196-200 refer to the following e-mails.
To: Dean Haywood <D_Haywood@trisoftware.com>
From: Beverly Crest <beecee@trisoftware.com>
Date: May 17
Subject: Train Reservation
Dear Dean:
Earlier today you told me that you would be going to New York by train. So I have attached the schedule for trains coming out of Maine to New York on June 1, and trains returning from New York to Maine on June 5. There's an option of an express train or a regular train. The "Spress" is the speedier and a bit more comfortable train, for as I have heard, it has a little more space between the seats. However, half of the seats for "Spress" are reversed, so if you are sensitive to the direction of your ride you might have to think about choosing this option, because the seats are randomly assigned. So give it some thought, check the departing times and let me know your choices at your earliest convenience. I will then set things up for you.
One more thing. Would Ms. Chams also be going to New York? I heard that she was thinking about going to the "World Traffic Forum" that you are attending, but she is currently on a business trip to India and cannot be reached. So I was wondering whether she had mentioned anything to you. Should I reserve train tickets for her for the same dates and times?
DateJune 1Train NumberS214 (Spress)A5678 (Regular)A9521 (Regular)S271 (Spress)Depart: Maine10:15 A.M.12:05 P.M.2:30 P.M.4:50 P.M.Arrive: New York01:45 P.M.2:25 P.M.6:00 P.M.7:10 P.M.
DateJune 5Train NumberA7412 (Regular)S214 (Spress)A5641 (Regular)S804 (Spress)Depart: New York9:20 A.M.11:55 A.M.3:45 P.M.6:20 P.M.Arrive: Maine12:50 P.M.2:15 P.M.7:15 P.M.8:50 P.M.

To: Beverly Crest <beecee@trisoftware.com>
From: Dean Haywood <D_Haywood@trisoftware.com>
Date: May 19
Re: Train Reservation
Thank you for the attachment. I need to get to New York on June 1 because the forum begins on June 2. So I think I'll take the S271 (Spress) 4:50 P.M. train. I have no problem with carsickness so the direction does not matter. On June 5, the closing ceremony for the forum ends at 2 P.M., so the best option for me is probably the A5641 (Regular) 3:45 P.M. train. And yes, Jasmine Chams is to attend the forum with me so you should reserve her tickets as well. Just reserve the same tickets as mine.
I have one more favor to ask of you. Can you also reserve hotel rooms for me and Jasmine? We would like to stay at the Richmond Hotel, which is near the Jefferson Convention Center where the forum is held. Please reserve two single rooms for four nights. And also inform the hotel that we would be checking in late on June 1.
Thank you so much. I really appreciate your efforts.
Sincerely,
Dean Haywood

196. Why did Beverly send the e-mail to Dean?

(A) To suggest that he accompany her on his trip
(B) To request a changed schedule
(C) To inquire about the location of the forum
(D) To notify him of the transportation schedule

197. What is indicated about the "Spress" train?

(A) Seats are all backwards.
(B) The ticket prices are expensive.
(C) It offers extra space.
(D) It is a night train.

198. Why does Beverly ask Dean about Jasmine?

(A) Jasmine cannot be reached.
(B) Dean is Jasmine's assistant.
(C) Dean took a message from Jasmine.
(D) Jasmine doesn't speak English.

199. What does Dean want Beverly to do?

(A) Give a speech at the forum
(B) Arrange a cab from the station to the hotel
(C) Send him the map to the Jefferson Convention Center
(D) Reserve transportation and accommodations

200. What information is NOT included in Dean's e-mail?

(A) The detailed schedule of the forum
(B) What his thoughts are on backward seats
(C) How many nights he has to stay in New York
(D) The time of the train he wants to take to Maine